---
layout: post
title: poetry, and why I write.
tags: random
---

poetry was introduced to me at a very young age, i remember in first or second grade writing a poem for my mother and winning some prize and it being mentioned in our school yearbook + magazine. i was happy, happy because I wrote it for the person I loved the most and happy because I won doing something I loved. but after that I forgot about poetry, other subjects occupied me the whole time. 

but as soon as english in my school started introducing poetry as a different subject i always resonated with the poems in my books, soon poetry wasn't just for academics i started writing poetry in the side, sure i was pretty bad at first, but slowly my poems develop a style, my poems are raw, intimate and deep (from what other people told me, i still don't like my poetry) but yes, i write about love and what not. 
poetry to me is only evoked when I feel a sudden strong emotion, either love, hate, anger, despair any strong emotion comes out as poetry for me. 

I've already written a book, haven't published it yet, two are under progress right now but academics leave me no time to write. 

well to me poetry, is an outlet of emotions which i can't write in plain words, with poetry I can alter my words, no one will understand what the true meaning is and i won't tell what the true meaning is, I mean except for some poems which I want people to read. but poetry to me is a way for me to connect to my inner child, that small poet with his limited vocabulary, his hands too short to box them.

my poems are still published in my school newsletter weekly, or sometimes monthly but I think hardly anyone reads them.
